today Gago up on a first impression
review PI SIG's old on Google on it
though I have this lipstick right here
it is from Maybelline it is the color
show color show lipstick from Maybelline
and no surprise I'm crossing 165
longshot Hindi color cool natatorium
price yeah it was on the sale graph but
then when I went to in different mall
some businesses lady and Doh doh-doh
Telugu price yeah I got two and to be
honest with you guys
honesty is the best policy genomic
Nerissa I said got this and the other
shade as well but this one I haven't
tried it I actually I did no but the
thing to put the pink on calling someone
could be lacunae totin raikou shot on my
lips but um to be honest English Alex
takes her lips :
more than five minutes guy said I need
to take it off okay I know I'm coming in
so and a potential the buffers
impression potential any populated new
is some shade as in your shade noon
so Brandon Dania so this is what the
other one looks like I tell you it
shouldn't packaging you if I been cool a
NASA Center bring Dina mature you exact
shade telegin and lips slips technically
tungee top this one is the shade nude
mocha Kate any bien pero dijo a BA tapas
Tito I but then in NASA Center I don't
really know what's the point of this
color the center bucket nila anybody but
every shade cuz Indian Ocean at my match
telega like this one is the one that I
will be reviewing right now is the shade
plum perfect and then if you can Elena
NASA Center in the upper you actual
shade is wait ah this is a struggle but
I'm moving deeper in the Minu effect Nia
I really like the packaging it's very
simple so anything I don't wanna talk
I'm banila co toyo a millennium
packaging Linea aspera plastic Londoner
optical zoom
la piscine Playland party on Apogee 165
natal Allen Khanna from Gandhi ChaCha's
smooth syllabus a kasinga de vive been
using the other one sandler ito a single
in a sad Abbas and l-insana so yeah I'm
gonna apply it on my lips right now
Johnson and I'm a big Metallica once the
gap like a partition very set on a
vanilla no the vanilla the boom des
koala bear oh my sunshine didn't bother
in unison so Apple Ilana okay Lima China
Positano man mum mah i mean metallica
shaman sega Flicka
now papa pigment any as you can see so
Brad pigmented I should focus you on my
face no binding up move you so burnt up
and I see a lipstick not oh so Bunga
Unga Bunga application why is my kappa
yo salah it applies really smoothly on
the lips and I really I really like it
the color payoff this amazing same with
this one so Frank and Denise ellipse
yeah we'll see how it last
oh by the way I'm if the I'm gonna be
getting lip balm or whatever on my lips
prior to applying my lipstick pero every
night before I go to bed before I sleep
the Gallowgate one in the pot every
night the end partner tailgating with
engrams
and we'll see how it lands it is now
11:48 well a Power Lunch so I kind of
come in and we'll see what it will look
like after lunch so I'm gonna see you
guys later
I am bad it is now 341 my lava lunch
that boss aluminum go Sam allow your
party mother picnic bag open it but I
knew enough you called a nearby called
pay off hands in prayer
and I noticed a foe behind a poetic
transferring lipstick ossa onions but i
mcai no comment in the video and going
units take openness and the transfer
Asha but now I pretty sure in Dina a
cone tech haunting haunting so from
quantum continent
pero hoppitty like lambda engine light T
she has the transfer purple but then
even more pilot transpersonal quantum
quantum you may notice : after coma in
second an ellipse colleague fitting on X
taking on Quantico until a new color
payoff then don't forget and so far so
good initial trainings and lips up all
Secunia optimum didn't Gavin and upon
every night and notice conical takes a
shape the tone the cassette all shuffled
appliance called autonomy iris and I say
sunshade hung indeed a so Brown family
pignon oh yeah I will get back to you
guys later for the final thing hi guys
I'm here for my final check-in chart
with a check and check in fact it is
already 8:25 and you might eat something
no fair 825 now I had dinner tops
commented on manga knock Fitness Alpena
inner corner burnished um I know what
son of a data like a shot New England's
a Zumba then and then a wait oh yeah a
final verdict I actually really like it
for only 165 pesos gusto go so cha put
off another piece of statement
accessible select lines it don't shade
not two in particular and except oh
she's in the blind school you eat some
shade
II couldn't notice in excitations and
aligns with this shade casts a darker
saw so hop on the finishes in their
apartment lives Madeline
9:50 HFS atiba dark young outer lip
model yeah if you're looking for a shade
to get from this line I highly highly
recommend you with mocha a pretty sure
it will look good on on everybody Casa
de Baca was a term generic Saguna Alania
it's called nude mocha pero it's more
pink than note for it to not in the
early people anything it turn the
lipstick as you can see indicia on the
nude side it's more in the pink side but
I really like it to me show you big neva
value on pink lips hindi but yeah these
lipsticks are go go go go go go get you
some and that's it for this review I
hope this is sample get thumbs up in
video net almost in your mouth Atena
makeup call allah assalamu Japan or
please leave me a comment down below on
universe the new Malita very beautiful
and I will do my best to do it for you
guys
potential a palace of Pi by bun and I
think as I'm trying to figure out this
DIY lighting I'm not sure if it's ready
thank you so much guys for watching and
I will see you it's a circle video bye